ci(runner): rewrite `collection_runner.sh` in rust (#1604)
juspay/hyperswitch: crates/test_utils/README.md

# Test Runner

The main part of running tests through `newman`.

## Files Tree Layout

```text
└── src
```

<!--
command to generate the tree `tree -L 3 -d`

> -->

Reviewer: You can remove this.

> - Make sure you that you've the postman collection for the connector is ready in the `postman` dir with the name `<connector_name>.postman_collection.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you that you've the postman collection for the connector available in the `postman` dir with the name `<connector_name>.postman_collection.json`
```
